Tales from Fleet security: BEC (#6410)
fleetdm/fleet: articles/tales-from-fleet-security-securing-bank-accounts-from-business-email-compromise.md

2. Configure email security features such as [SPF, DMARC and DKIM](https://support.google.com/a/answer/2466580?product_name=UnuFlow&hl=en&visit_id=637919491839685136-2075570827&rd=1&src=supportwidget0&hl=en). These help make it harder to impersonate your domain name in email.
3. Configure spam filters to protect your organization from people impersonating employees from other domain names. On Google Workspace/Gmail, this setting is called **Protect against spoofing of employee names** and you should enable it along with **Protect against inbound emails spoofing your domain**. 

You can find detailed instructions on configuring Google Workspace in our [handbook](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/security#email-authentication).

## Online banking configuration

The best email configuration ever is not enough to protect from BEC and other types of social engineering attacks. Something will always slip by, and we must assume that even well-trained employees will fall for a good enough attempt. 

If you think you can't fall victim to these emails, you probably have not received one that was sufficiently well-targeted and delivered at precisely the right time.

> As defenders, we often say that while we must always be perfect, attackers only need to succeed once. As [Joe Slowik](https://www.dragos.com/blog/industry-news/the-myth-of-the-adversary-advantage/) explained in this excellent blog post a couple of years ago, that is seldom true. As defenders, we have have the high ground, but we often fail to leverage it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As defenders, we often say that while we must always be perfect, attackers only need to succeed once. As [Joe Slowik](https://www.dragos.com/blog/industry-news/the-myth-of-the-adversary-advantage/) explained in this excellent blog post a couple of years ago, that is seldom true. As defenders, we have the high ground, but we often fail to leverage it.
```

> As defenders, we often say that while we must always be perfect, attackers only need to succeed once. As [Joe Slowik](https://www.dragos.com/blog/industry-news/the-myth-of-the-adversary-advantage/) explained in this excellent blog post a couple of years ago, that is seldom true. As defenders, we have the high ground, but we often fail to leverage it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As defenders, we often say that while we must always be perfect, attackers only need to succeed once. As [Joe Slowik](https://www.dragos.com/blog/industry-news/the-myth-of-the-adversary-advantage/) explained in this excellent blog post a couple of years ago, that is seldom true. We defenders have the high ground, but we often fail to leverage it.
```

Repetition. I suggest rephrasing to cut out the repeated phrase "as defenders" and avoid starting three sentences in a row with "As."

Since we know the attackers are looking for money, instead of trying to train people to be perfect at spotting scams, which is impossible, let's secure the cash!

### Authentication

If someone can break into your bank accounts directly, they won't need to come up with a convincing email or text message to convince you to move money. It is therefore critical to enable the most advanced security features your bank offers. Unfortunately, in North America, many banks fail to offer any 2FA or only offer SMS-based 2FA, which is the weakest form of 2FA but is still better than nothing.

0. Keep the number of people with online banking access as low as possible.

> 1. If available, enable 2FA. Prefer FIDO U2F (very rare right now with banks) where possible and app-based 2FA otherwise. As a last resort, use SMS 2FA.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. If available, enable 2FA. FIDO U2F, although very rare right now with banks, is preferable. Otherwise, use app-based 2FA. As a last resort, use SMS 2FA.
```
I rephrased this to remove the sentence fragment, "Prefer."

Many settings we recommend configuring require high privilege access to online banking. We have to assume that a well-informed attacker would be able to trick someone into changing those.

By enabling dual control, one administrator can make a change, but it will not be active until a second one approves it. This makes it much harder for social engineering attacks to succeed and protects these settings if a single account is compromised. 

### Alerting

Alerts are often triggered when something bad has already happened, but sometimes, there might still be time to fix things before they worsen. 

Depending on your bank, you might have various alerts you can configure. For example, [SVB](https://www.svb.com/private-bank/help/resources/digital-banking/managing-digital-banking-alerts) has security alerts as well as transaction alerts. 

If possible, enable at least the following:

1. Alert when a new recipient is added
2. Alert when a wire transfer is created (domestic or international)
3. Alert when an external transfer is created
4. Alert when an address or other contact information is changed
5. Alert on any transaction above a certain threshold, such as $10,000

> These alerts are typically delivered via email, which is not ideal for rapid awareness. To improve that, create an email address never used anywhere else specifically for these alerts. You'll then be able to integrate that mailbox to other tools, like Slack, by using a [forwarding address](https://slack.com/help/articles/206819278-Send-emails-to-Slack#:~:text=To%20send%20an%20email%20to,see%20your%20email%20in%20Slack.). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Banks typically deliver these alerts via email, which is not ideal for rapid awareness. To improve that, create an email address never used anywhere else specifically for these alerts. You'll then be able to integrate that mailbox to other tools, like Slack, by using a [forwarding address](https://slack.com/help/articles/206819278-Send-emails-to-Slack#:~:text=To%20send%20an%20email%20to,see%20your%20email%20in%20Slack.). 
```

With this configuration, you can deliver these alerts in your administrative or accounting channel, where everyone can see them, create a thread and ask questions.

On top of email alerts, inform your accounting department that they should pay attention to push notifications from your online banking application. If you can keep the amount of "false positives" down and your accounting and finance are all in the same time zone, have a rotation for who will let the app notify them even when in do not disturb mode.

### Dual and triple approval

Most business banks allow customers to set thresholds above which the system will require multiple approvals.

> A threshold of $10,000 before a second approval is needed ensures that if an attacker compromised a single person, they could only send away money in $10,000 batches. Alerting remains essential as the total cost can grow pretty quickly, but it is much safer than allowing a single person to move millions of dollars.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A threshold of $10,000 before a second approval is needed makes sure that if an attacker compromised a single person, they could only send away money in $10,000 batches. Alerting remains essential as the total cost can grow pretty quickly, but it is much safer than allowing a single person to move millions of dollars.
```

> Consider requiring three approvals for substantial transactions, as long as your team is large enough to accomodate this even when people are on vacation or unavailable for any other reason.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider requiring three approvals for substantial transactions, as long as your team is large enough to accommodate this even when people are on vacation or unavailable for any other reason.
```

### ACH filters

ACH stands for Automated Clearing House, a network used for direct payments, especially in the US. If your company is in the US and deals with US vendors, you probably send most of your payments with ACH.

Many banks offer ACH filters on business accounts. These filters work like many security controls, using one of two main methods:

* In deny list mode, where you provide criteria to deny payments
* In allow list mode, where you give criteria to allow payments

> Allow listing is safer but requires more work to implement. Some banks allow combinations of vendors and amounts while others only allow lists of vendors. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allow listing is safer but requires more work to implement. Some banks allow combinations of vendors and amounts, while others only allow lists of vendors. 
```

> Before implementing ACH filters, obtain a list of all ACH transfers made in the last 18 months. Identify the vendors you have that are still active, the average amount you pay them, plus a buffer to cover increases, and then provide this list to your bank to enable ACH filtering in allow list mode. Have every other payment generate an **exception** that will require manual intervention.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before implementing ACH filters, obtain a list of all ACH transfers made in the last 18 months. Identify the vendors you have that are still active, the average amount you pay them, plus a buffer to cover increases, and then provide this list to your bank to enable ACH filtering to allow list mode. Have every other payment generate an **exception** that will require manual intervention.
```

Reviewer: @GuillaumeRoss, should this suggestion be dismissed or committed?

Author: Dismissed!
